✨(frontend) add a syllabus inside a course form (#748)
openfun/joanie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - BO : Add the possibility to add a syllabus inside the course form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BO : Allow to link a syllabus inside the product detail view
```

### Added 

- Add enrollments pages

> - Add the possibility to add a syllabus inside the course form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow to link a syllabus inside the product detail view
```

- Ignore conflicts when creating batch of enrollments
- Fix translation content logic

>  

Reviewer: Oops typo
